DOCSP-44962-Connections-Toolbar (#8)
mongodb/docs-mongodb-intellij: source/connect.txt

      .. image:: /images/connect/intellij-launch-playgrounds.png
         :alt: To launch the Playgrounds, click the highlighted button in Database Explorer.

>    .. step:: (*Optional*) Select a data source using the Connections Toolbar.

Reviewer: Couple things:
1. Let's not mark this step as optional since users will need to select a data source for the plugin to work 
2. Could we make this item 5 and make launching playgrounds item 6 since that is an optional step?

Author: Done! Thank you @GaurabAryal!

      .. image:: /images/connect/intellij-launch-playgrounds.png
         :alt: To launch the Playgrounds, click the highlighted button in Database Explorer.

   .. step:: (*Optional*) Select a data source using the Connections Toolbar.

      The Connections Toolbar is a feature of the {+intellij-full+} that 
      allows you to select a data source associated with your application
      from within the editor window.
      
      When you open a file that contains MongoDB code, a toolbar appears at 
      the top of the file as shown in the image below. The Connections 

>       Toolbar is highlighted in red.

Reviewer 2: [suggestion] Since the previous sentence points out the toolbar being in the top of the file as shown in the image, I don't think we  need to specifically point out that it's highlighted in red.

Author: Updated!

      
      .. image:: /images/connect/intellij-connections-toolbar.png
         :alt: The Connections Toolbar appears at the top of the file.
      

>       This toolbar has a dropdown that allows you to select a data source 

Reviewer 2: [style guide](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#:~:text=include%20several%20options.-,drop%2Ddown%20list,-drop%2Ddown%20menu) - we only use drop-down as a hyphenated adjective when referring to a menu or UI element! 
```suggestion
      This toolbar has a drop-down list that allows you to select a data source 
```

Author: Thanks for catching this! Done.
